hello Greg Marcus this is Chris he's our
customer liaison person and
jack-of-all-trades at random tech so
he's going to help me out a little bit
with this video today we're going to be
talking about two different items one is
our Rhino might two part frame adhesive
this is RMA 3000 this comes in a amber
almost clear color but you can also get
it in a red version if you so desire
extremely versatile easy to use product
we're also going to be talking about our
model 300 stretcher which is a tabletop
model for stretching rigid frames it's a
farce system let's take a little bit
closer look at okay with this stretcher
as you can see hopefully in this video
is that we have locking bars that are on
all four sides these are set up so that
they come in almost up to the corner of
your frame the outside dimension we have
a dual cylinder set on each side it has
a three inch stroke
we have tilted mounting brackets so what
that's going to do is as we're pulling
in on the on the mesh we're going to
have these so that they hopefully won't
lift up on us but to be careful with
this a lot of times we chain them down
anyways just to be on the safe side we
have our locking bars which is how we
put the mesh in and Chris is going to
load this up for us and we're going to
stretch it out and glue it up
okay we already had this side locked in
as you can see so what he's going to do
is draw back over it a little bit you
know pull in the fabric and then lock it
down in place so we're going to draw it
over and snap okay
we're using a compressed air obviously
out of our compressor and we're going to
have that and take it so we have a dual
pulling mechanism he has one control
that's pulling this way and then one
that's pulling the opposite direction
he's going to use these tension meter
what we want to do is get some water in
the neighborhood between 23 and 25
Newtons in this particular case actually
Chris what mesh counter we're using oh
we're using 1/10 mesh okay keep in mind
the procedure is the same if it's 110
160 305 looking pretty
be good
good a lot of cases what we like to do
is then let it sit for a little bit
check it again just to make sure that we
haven't lost any tension at the same
time I might add when we're pulling in
these are freestanding
on the bed itself so they're pushing in
their pre following this frame so that
when we actually cut it out of the mesh
it's going to pop back in place so we
maintain that tension that we had set to
retire I guess we can actually move into
the actual gluing right we can okay
let's do it
okay okay again we're using Rhino Mike
two-part catalyst system comes in a real
clear ambarish color or a red color so
he's taken a little squeeze bottle puts
a bead down each side and then spreads
it making sure that it's penetrating
through the mesh and bond is securely on
the frame itself so one thing that's
nice about this product is we actually
also make it in three different
viscosities there's a 15 17 and a 19
percent solid space you're going to want
to use the thicker material specifically
when you're doing coarser meshes and
thinner material when you really get up
in those high mesh house at 390 420 and
higher that way we make sure that we've
Senate rated through it you'll notice
that we have two parts to this we have
our glue and we have a catalyst so we
mix that prior the catalyst actually the
primary function of that is so that it
gives us good solvent resistance
okay that's how simple this is Chris
just went around the frame would it be
spread it out now we have to let it dry
but this particular product you're
looking at approximately 8 to 12 minutes
but that will depend a lot on where you
are the temperature the humidity level
and so forth when you do come back and
you start to check it though if you
think it's dry you touch it and it feels
really cold let us sit a couple of more
minutes after that you can release the
pressure cut off the excess mesh and
you're ready to go
it's that absolutely simple anyone with
this piece of equipment the model 300
bars stretching system and a gallon of
Rhino mate can go to town do all their
screens in houses they want or
re-stretch e-f you've already brought in
a lot of them type of thing so give us a
like on our YouTube channel check out
Rhino Tech Rhino Tech Inc comm and
you'll know where to find us
you